Release 0: Algorithm for Using an Elevator
1. Check current floor
2. If current floor is greater than desired floor
	-press down arrow on the side of the elevator entry and wait until the elevator reaches the current floor
If current position is less than desired position
	-press up arrow on the side of the elevator entry and wait until the elevator reaches the current floor
Otherwise 
	-Do nothing and you are on the desired floor
3. When the elevator reaches the current floor and the door opens automatically
	-go inside the elevator completely so that the door can close behind you
4. Turn around until you face the door
5. Look for the elevator button panel either side of the elevator side, (walk closer to it if necessary)
6. Start from bottom of the buttons and go upwards looking for the destination floor number you want and press the button
7. Wait until the elevator reaches the destination floor and the door opens automatically
8. Walk out of the elevator to exit.


Release 1:Shopping Pseudocode 
1. Prepare shopping list on a piece of paper while at home
2. Grab recyclable bags
3. Go to your car
4. Set your destination GPS to the shopping mall you want to visit
5. Start engine and drive following your GPS direction
6. When destination is reached, park your car in an empty and allowed parking lot as close as possible to the shopping mall
7. Grab your recyclable bag and get out of your car
8. Close your car door behind you and lock your car
9. Walk towards the shopping mall
10. Get a shopping cart from near the entry door to the left
11. Push the cart towards the entry door
12. After the automatic door opens, enter the shopping mall
13. Until your shopping list is exhausted 
	-grab everything in the desired quantity and place them on the shopping cart
14. Go to the cashier
15. Place all the items from the shopping cart to the platform
16. Wait until the casher scans the items
17. Make payment
18. Put the items inside the bags
19. Exit the shopping mall 
20. Walk to your car
21. Open the door and load your items in the car
22. Repeat steps 4 and 5 to your house
23. stop engine and grab your stuff
24. Lock your car
25. Go inside your house
26. Place all items in the right place
